Docs [Fix]: use bytes instead of strings while writing (#14505)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-app/workflows/add_server/any_server.rst

        def do_GET(self):
            self.send_response(HTTPStatus.OK)
            self.end_headers()

>             # Make sure to pass the data as bytes to the self.wfile.write call

Author: @tchaton - Is this okay? I thought adding a comment will be better, as it's more about this line/example. Please let me know if it's not what you meant :)

        def do_GET(self):
            self.send_response(HTTPStatus.OK)
            self.end_headers()

>             # Make sure to pass the data as bytes to the `self.wfile.write` call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Data must pass as bytes to the `self.wfile.write` call
```

        def do_GET(self):
            self.send_response(HTTPStatus.OK)
            self.end_headers()

>             # Make sure to pass the data as bytes to the `self.wfile.write` call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Data must pass as bytes to the `self.wfile.write` call
```
